oh Okay,
begins (***) is
I wonder...
yeah it's for the real Godzilla that the one that with the boy and you know when the Godzilla started
I mean the camera.
yeah (***) They both start with a G
they're both bears and they're monsters.
In Gamera, you know...
One thing that I always wonder is...
How can the gamera start spinning and able to fly?
So how did that work?
haahaa
joke well in the animation
Gamera was able to control he was only getting a fire from
Back leg, not the front leg.
So he was like doing this and then flying.
yeah
So here's the one scene in animation.
I think his legs were hurt.
Arms got cut off.
Yeah, one of his arms got cut off. Was it a hand?
And then he was able to still...
I think he has a hand?
And they have their flippers.
so I know.
Does he have six legs? Belly haahaa
because flipper was like on the next day when the two legs I mean
One leg was being cut off. So that was interesting.
When he was flying you could see the flippers on the side.
and then it looks like he still has four legs
(***) armpit jits oh  from armpits
Yeah.
yeah
huh ha i see
on pitches yeah okay no thats what happened yeah okay so
So he actually has six legs.
yeah so but he was able to control
where the jets come from like in the back or to the front
haahaa yeah so
Do you think it will be interesting? Let's think.
Because they've already thrown it out.
comes out in like um gojira minus one yeah right
Do you think they're gonna fight with each other?
(***)
but you think (***)
Godzilla will be just as big as Godzilla
Okay, the one from minus one
(*** )So original size then?
So Gamera too, right? Gamera is over 50 meters too.
60 meters. I read it. gamera (***)
a little taller than the original Godzilla.
Do you think with what's going on?
Do you think Godzilla and Gamera, if they fight with each other, that Gamera's gonna win?
But with a minus one.
We'll win that one? You think? What about the Shin Godzilla?
The Gamera too? Because the ?Gamera can fly?
Because he can basically cut through anything.
so Do you think Gamera will be more of a hero than Gojira?
if they start fighting each other.
yeah
Godzilla can not fly just like Gamera
That's a very big advantage.
yeah That's a very good point.
I think the author, the one who made Gamera in the first place.
I really love the turtle. (***)
But they were looking at the turtle and thought, oh, this can be one of the kaiju.
and then the kaiju became a good kaiju instead of a bad guy
Was there a camera made around the time when Gojira was made?
further answer? yeah yeah oh okay okay but is it from Tuburaya too?
Maybe.
For the Gamera. Because Gamera is not as famous as Godzilla.
so yeah
You know one thing I really really like about Gamera
was his teeth. He's too vain.
like (***)
and when it closes (***)
(***)
yeah and then all the movies uhhh when
When Gamera was on, Gamera was on his eyelids.
Yeah, yeah. His eyes are always bright.
yeah